feat(theme): add 'cool gray' theme (#56)
carbon-design-system/ibm-security: docs/migration/2.x-type.md

# Type

> The existing type specification will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of [Carbon's type](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-elements/blob/master/packages/type#usage).

Reviewer: Package path has been updated to the monorepo --

```suggestion
The existing type specification will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of [Carbon's type](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/tree/master/packages/type#usage).
```
